What do you want to do to my mom?
Of course I'm letting you taste it
Relatives are separated after a crushing failure
If you have the ability, come to me
Don't hurt my mom
roll
Don't blame me, madam
Little monster, it's your fault that you are his mother
If the child does something wrong, the parents will naturally bear the responsibility.
Don't worry.
My knife
Very bad ah don't kill me don't kill me
Don't don't don't kill
Mom
Since you can speak
I heard that the lady's mother was born dumb
How can he speak?
They don't look alike.
Maybe what?
Is fake
Mom, what's going on?
So far
Or is it life-saving?
Shut up and don't call me mom
I'm not your mother